{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green255\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2510;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\cf1\lang9\f0\fs20 Commander,\par
\par
Congratulations on your clandestine rescue of the remaining colonists at Outpost Destiny. Unfortunately, Eden forces successfully broke through our main lines 6 hours ago. It is unlikely we will stop their next assault. Our reserve tank squadrons are setting a series of feints to slow their progress while evacuation convoys are prepared.\par
\par
Shortly after Eden routed our main defenses, we took satellite imagery of a large Eden Panther and Tiger squadron leaving our area to the West. We believe they are searching for your position. If you encounter an Eden scouting party, then you probably have little time before the heavy squadrons approach. They will certainly have more firepower than you can produce in the short term.\par
\par
Your orders are to establish a new base, counter Eden's command link virus, build new lynx and panther tank squadrons to assist us, and prepare to relocate again.\par
\par
Eden's radio jamming of our high band frequencies prevents us sending detailed schematics of the final vehicle command link patch we developed. However, you can find the information you need in the Earth Military Database. You will need a garage to complete hardware modifications to vehicles for the patch. If Eden units come in range of your colony, they will likely attempt to scramble your vehicle command link. Expect to re-research Cybernetic Teleoperation and Robot-Assist Mechanic after a command link patch is researched to ensure our factory and repair facilities accommodate the new requirements. Remember, all vehicles built prior to developing the patch must be modified at the garage. Eden will be able to exploit the entire command net if a single unpatch vehicle remains.\par
\par
After patching your command link, build a new Lynx and Panther tank squadron to assist in clearing an escape route for one of our evacuation convoys. Then prepare another evacuation of your base before Eden combat forces arrive.\par
\par
Expect another transmission containing one of our evacuation convoys' position when it breaks through the Eden siege lines. Pray at least one of our convoys escape.\par
\par
Soon, your band of refugees may be the last survivors of our colony.\par
}